
# Small deeds are good deeds — Start of my Dev life blogging



This is my first **Medium** story. When I say story, you know that the choice of word **story** is because of Medium. We call blogs, passages and articles here as stories. We also call 24-hour life time picutres and video posting in **Facebook**, **Instagram** and **Snapchat** as stories. It leads me to have a deeper thinking that the nature of stories and blogs and the idea of how we record things.

There are things that we want to record, things that be written in papers, be remembered when we are grey and old, but not vanished in 24 hours. I am writing in here means so. I want to record those snapshots of my dev life so that somebody can reference to for their development. Personal life you may ask? maybe it should be posted in **Facebook** and **Instagram **and keep it private.

~4 to 5 years ago (2013, writing this in 2018) I graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree in Information Engineering. Since then I started my career in the **Information Technology **industry. **I am one of the guys that make apps on your smartphone.** And now, apart from sharing, I also want to expand my area of skills, to learn more other trending technologies of mobile app and frontend web.

## Small deeds are good deeds

All in all, I want to write down and share things and obstacles that I have encountered throughout my dev life and how I have done or resolved it. These things might be **small and little, parts and fragments**, but these will be very down to earth and all from my personal experience. Maybe some common practices and some key points to note that I know.

I am never a very a ‘high-tech’ guy or a ‘geek’ , but I would always get things done and go for a better solution whenever there is one. I sincerely hope that you will enjoy my future **stories** and find them useful.

Messages are welcome. Find me on:

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/calw9/)

[Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/users/9749232/calvin)
